                         PLAGUE OF PYTHONS

                           By FREDERIK POHL

                         Illustrated by RITTER

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
              Galaxy Magazine October and December 1962.
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]




             The pythons had entered into Mankind. No man
              knew at what moment he might be Possessed!


Because of the crowd they held Chandler's trial in the all-purpose room
of the high school. It smelled of leather and stale sweat. He walked up
the three steps to the stage, with the bailiff's hand on his elbow, and
took his place at the defendant's table.

Chandler's lawyer looked at him without emotion. He was appointed by
the court. He was willing to do his job, but his job didn't require him
to like his client. All he said was, "Stand up. The judge is coming in."

Chandler got to his feet and leaned on the table while the bailiff
chanted his call and the chaplain read some verses from John. He did
not listen. The Bible verse came too late to help him, and besides he
ached.

When the police arrested him they had not been gentle. There were four
of them. They were from the plant's own security force and carried
no guns. They didn't need any; Chandler had put up no resistance
after the first few moments--that is, he stopped as soon as he could
stop--but the police hadn't stopped. He remembered that very clearly.
He remembered the nightstick across the side of his head that left his
ear squashed and puffy, he remembered the kick in the gut that still
made walking painful. He even remembered the series of blows about the
skull that had knocked him out.

The bruises along his rib cage and left arm, though, he did not
remember getting. Obviously the police had been mad enough to keep
right on subduing him after he was already unconscious.

Chandler did not blame them--exactly. He supposed he would have done
the same thing.

The judge was having a long mumble with the court stenographer
apparently about something which had happened in the Union House the
night before. Chandler knew Judge Ellithorp slightly. He did not
expect to get a fair trial. The previous December the judge himself,
while possessed, had smashed the transmitter of the town's radio
station, which he owned, and set fire to the building it occupied. His
son-in-law had been killed in the fire.

Laughing, the judge waved the reporter back to his seat and glanced
around the courtroom. His gaze touched Chandler lightly, like the
flick of the hanging strands of cord that precede a railroad tunnel.
The touch carried the same warning. What lay ahead for Chandler was
destruction.

"Read the charge," ordered Judge Ellithorp. He spoke very loudly.
There were more than six hundred persons in the auditorium; the judge
didn't want any of them to miss a word.

The bailiff ordered Chandler to stand and informed him that he was
accused of having, on the seventeenth day of June last, committed on
the person of Margaret Flershem, a minor, an act of rape--"Louder!"
ordered the judge testily.
